Add announcement section to README.md (#1636)
hyperledger/indy-plenum: README.md

Simply clone this repository and VSCode will most likely ask you to open it in the devcontainer, if you have the correct extension("ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers") installed.
If VSCode didn't ask to open it, open the command palette and use the `Remote-Containers: Rebuild and Reopen in Container` command.

> If you want to use Gitpod simply use this [link](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-plenum/tree/ubuntu-20.04-upgrade)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Gitpod simply use this [link](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-plenum/tree/main)
```

Author: Done
